	Pygmalion’s Spectacles by Stanley G. Weinbaum is an interesting sci-fi short story that plays with the idea of virtual reality. In the science fiction, the main character, Dan Burke meets a professor named Albert Ludwig, who invented a magical pair of goggles that could take anyone into a movie like world. The pair of goggles are activated by a liquid that contains the story and takes place in a utopia with two characters, one other and the participant himself. 
	Further researching the title of this story, it was published in 1935. Curious to find out at what time this story was written, I was surprised to see how early people were already imagining a virtual reality. It is said that this story was the first publication to talk about the idea of virtual reality. What struck me the most was how similar Weinbaum’s used goggles as the device to take a person into another world compared to the devices we have today,ie. HTC Vibe and Oculus Rift. Both are devices that are like spectacles that cover your eyes and most of your face. 
	It was interesting to see how Weinbaum wrote how the goggles would work. Everything is basically relied on a solution he made and activated by electrolyzing it while wearing the goggles. Other factors like taste were added chemically and sound were added electrically. Im just curious how he came up with that. Even though I know its a fiction, Id still like to learn how he came to invent the spectacles and if there were any theories he based it off from during that time. Perhaps, there was believed to be a special interaction between a special solution and electricity that would result in a phenomenal occurrence. 
	Comparing the abilities of the spectacles in the story to what we have now like the Oculus Rift. From all I know, we are just missing the ability of taste in virtual reality. If we were able to taste  while experiencing VR, it would be world changing. I think it would immerse us deeper into another world completely and might make us forget we were even using a VR device. 
	But all in all, it makes me wonder what the overall goal of VR is. To the story, was it to send a person to a happier place or just an experiment. I wondered why the professor chose to have a female character in there who was so deeply in touch with the participant. As for the technology devices today, what is the point of making a fake world for people to experience? Perhaps some cant  travel to certain parts of the world in reality but maybe its one of the reasons..
