In this interview with Douglas Coupland and Daniel Birnbaum, Coupland discusses his thoughts on art and Virtual reality with Birnbaum.  
Coupland seems to be in favor of Virtual Reality and enjoys it. In his experience, the the virtual reality world is better than the real 
world. “I don’t think I can overstate the grimness of the real world compares to VR. Reality is toast,” Coupland states. After taking the 
goggles off on his first experience of VR, surrounded by his close friends in a room, he was disappointed. It was obvious he had a great 
experience with VR and became saddened to come back to reality with a mundane environment with real people. After reading this part of the 
article, I wanted to try the same experience he went through on VR. For him to state that VR is better than the real world, he must’ve 
seen something great. With my past experience with VR, it wasn’t that great for me to change my mind that it would be better than reality. 
Perhaps the videos or games that I experienced through VR was not that great or there could be better experiences that I have not seen 
yet. So I thought, VR is only better than reality only because most of the VR experiences are made to bring the viewers to a pleasant 
environment. And it also depends on the developers skills and quality put into the made experience. If the VR experience is crappy, it 
wont change the viewers mind of reality. In Coupland’s case, if the VR experience is high quality, it could change someones mind of the 
real world.


Daniel brings up the look of VR goggles being aesthetically unappealing and unsexy. Coupland responds that the Google glasses make people 
look like assholes and is however hard to make the VR sets look like theyre not sucking the souls out of someone. People are visually 
turned off by the look of the Oculus sets being worn. When people finally try it on and get into the experience, they wont care how they 
look any more. “Users will demand the experience,” Coupland states. When I see people use a VR set, they do look kind of funny to me 
because there’s a big device that is protruding their head. For these large VR sets to be reduced into something more discreet as a 
regular pair of sunglasses would be phenomenal. But I feel like developers are not too worried about the look of the sets right now as VR 
still needs more development and improvements. Sometimes, I dont think people should be even worried about the unsexy look of the sets 
anyways since I don't believe people would be walking around the streets in one anyways.

